Pass identifier instead of string for datagen (#594)
FabricMC/fabric-docs: develop/data-generation/advancements.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An advancement is made up a few different components. Along with the requirements, called "criterion", it may have:
```
American English, but not *that* American

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just to get the hang of it, let's add one more advancement. We'll practice adding rewards, using multiple criteria, and assigning parents:
```
Should we remove the "assigning parents" part?

Author: I think that whole example is a little weird anyway, it doesn't even add any rewards. Multiple criteria is also pretty obvious, though it might be useful to document setting a requirement strategy. It's also possible to manually define requirements for more complex logic, which might deserve a dedicated section as well?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, we need to trigger our criterion. Add this to where we sent a message to the player in the main mod class.
```

@[code lang=java transcludeWith=:::datagen-advancements:simple-advancement](@/reference/latest/src/client/java/com/example/docs/datagen/ExampleModAdvancementProvider.java)

::: details JSON Output

> @[code lang=json](@/reference/latest/src/main/generated/data/example-mod/advancement/get_dirt.json)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<<< @/reference/latest/src/main/generated/data/example-mod/advancement/get_dirt.json
```

:::

## Parents {#parents}

In order to create or extend a tree of advancements, we can set a parent for our advancement. To do this, call `Advancement.Builder#parent(...)` and pass in a reference to the parent advancement.

<<< @/reference/latest/src/client/java/com/example/docs/datagen/ExampleModAdvancementProvider.java#reference-parent

> If no direct reference to the parent enchantment is available, a placeholder can be created using an identifier.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If no direct reference to the parent advancement is available (e.g. using a vanilla advancement as a parent), a placeholder can be created using an identifier.
```

<<< @/reference/latest/src/client/java/com/example/docs/datagen/ExampleModAdvancementProvider.java#placeholder-parent

Your advancements should now be shown as a tree in the advancement menu.

![Advancement Tree](/assets/develop/data-generation/advancement_tree.png)

## Multiple Criteria {#multiple-criteria}

To have more advanced conditions in our advancements, we can call `Advancement.Builder#addCriteria(...)` more than once with additional criteria.

<<< @/reference/latest/src/client/java/com/example/docs/datagen/ExampleModAdvancementProvider.java#multiple-criteria

By default, all criteria must be met for the advancement to be completed. We can change this behavior by supplying a different strategy.

<<< @/reference/latest/src/client/java/com/example/docs/datagen/ExampleModAdvancementProvider.java#requirements-strategy

## Rewards {#rewards}

> We can attach rewards to our advancements, which will be given when a player completes the advancement. We can do this by calling `Advancement.Builder#rewards(...)` with the rewards we want to add.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can attach rewards to our advancements, which will be granted when a player completes the advancement. We can do this by calling `Advancement.Builder#rewards(...)` with the rewards we want to add.
```

@[code lang=java transcludeWith=:::datagen-advancements:second-advancement](@/reference/latest/src/client/java/com/example/docs/datagen/ExampleModAdvancementProvider.java)

## Parents {#parents}

> To create a tree of advancements or add an advancement to an existing tree, an advancement can have its parent set. Doing this involves calling `Advancement.Builder#parent(...)` and passing in a reference to the parent advancement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to create or extend a tree of advancements, we can set a parent for our advancement. To do this, call `Advancement.Builder#parent(...)` and pass in a reference to the parent advancement.
```

<<< @/reference/latest/src/client/java/com/example/docs/datagen/ExampleModAdvancementProvider.java#reference-parent

> If no direct reference to the parent enchantment is available, a placeholder can be created using an identifier.

Reviewer: why is it called a "placeholder" in this context?

Author: It is a holder that has no actual contents, and only has an identifier. This way it acts as a placeholder that will be resolved to the real advancement when the game actually loads everything.

It is also named this in the game itself (see `AdvancementSubProvider#createPlaceholder`)
